`start`: Fix 404 messaging (#1370)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/bitter-nails-carry.md

---
'sku': patch
---

> `start`: Shows 404 messaging instead of an error when routes are empty

Reviewer: I know 404 is universally understood to mean Not Found (even by non engineers), but I personally prefer to use the status text. If not, perhaps both?

```suggestion
`start`: Shows Not Found messaging instead of an error when routes are empty
```

Author: I've added them both in 👌
